MALE NARRATOR: Previously on
Prison Break:
It's the only building
sitting on top of those tunnels.
All we gotta do is get in there on Pl
and dig ourselves an on-ramp.
I'm gonna find out, you know,
what it is you're doing up there.
If we talked about who had motive
to kill Terrence, we'd be here all clay.
- Did it have anything to do with Ecofield?
- Do the math.
CEO of a corporation gets indicted
for fraud, investors start losing money.
Lots of money.
You call Nick Savrinn.
Works for Project Justice.
LJ: They're here.
LINCOLN: Who's here?
LJ? LJ!
You gotta come get me.
We can't, okay? We're not in Chicago.
You have to come to us.
First of the month's coming up, John.
Yeah. So?
I checked my balance online.
It's looking seriously deficient.
Apparently Fibonacci's
coming up for air again.
And if he testifies at that hearing,
a lot of people are going down,
including me.
Listen, there...
There's been a restructuring.
This comes from Philly himself.
So I'm the man in here now.
What the hell are you doing?
(SCREAMS)
SUCRE: We got a problem.
Bellick, what's going on?
That's Pl. I run it.
Not anymore, you don't.
(TATTOO MACHINE BUZZING)
(INMATES CHATTERING LOUDLY)
Bellick.
- Hey, boss.
- Check that volume, inmate.
We've been doing business too long.
We can fix this thing, right?
Let's get something clear.
You and I haven't done crap.
- Falzone's the one's been paying me.
- Falzone is just an envelope.
You've been doing business with me
face to face.
You think I like getting piss thrown at me,
spit on?
These other chumps might do it
for the $40,000 a year
and the little blue uniform,
but I'm not that dumb.
Falzone's envelope is the only reason
I come through that fence every day.
And it's the only reason I'm gonna
keep coming through that fence
until I have enough money
to buy that house on Lake Gray.
I'm thinking early retirement, John.
And you're interfering with that.
Hey, boss, just give me some time
and I can match
whatever Falzone is paying you.
You're out of business. Get used to it.
Hey, boss. Boss!
They're gonna find it.
The longer they're in there,
the sooner they're gonna find it.
- Then we've got to get back in there.
- Yeah.
I'm gonna say
something crazy to you right now.
Surprise, surprise.
Well, I don't give a damn
about that Fibonacci anymore.
You're right, that is crazy.
Because I got bigger things to think about,
like survival.
You see, I'm kind of short on friends
in here, in case you haven't noticed.
I need to get out right now,
while I still got my life.
Then why are we talking about Fibonacci?
Well, the only way
I can get that room back
is if I can prove to Falzone
that I'm still worthy.
That I still got what it takes. Yeah?
And the only way I can do that
is if I can give him Fibonacci.
Interesting.
You see, this is not
a me versus you thing anymore.
This is us. An us thing here, right?
- It's us for the escape.
- Is it?
Or is this about you getting back
in good with the mob again?
That life is over for me, Fish.
I mean, they clipped my wings.
They want me to rot in here.
- So I got no allegiance to them anymore.
- And yet you still want to do them a favor.
Falzone is desperate.
You see, if Fibonacci testifies
in front of the Congress next month,
Falzone is gonna go down in flames.
But if we give him Fibonacci,
he will give us anything.
Anything, including
that very special room.
What do you say, Fish?
PRIEST: "And the Lord said unto Satan,
hast thou considered my servant Job,
"that there is none like him in the earth,
a perfect and an upright man,
"one that fears God and shuns evil?"
- Give him up.
- If I do, they'll kill him.
- Maybe he deserves it.
- That's just it. He doesn't.
Who is this guy?
You told me he was Mafia.
He was working for the Mafia.
He just didn't know it.
Otto Fibonacci is... He's just like you.
An innocent man caught
in the wrong place at the wrong time.
MAN: What are you doing?
You know, I didn't steal from you, John.
SCOFIELD: He was middle management
at one of Abru2zi's warehouses.
Just a normal guy.
Working class, religious.
(MAN BLUBBERING)
Hey, Nicky. Nicky, Nicky, Nicky.
(SHUSHING)
What did I tell you about talking?
MAN: John, please.
Johnny, please, no!
And somebody that couldn't turn
his back on murder.
He realized that Abruzzi and Falzone,
the men he worked for, were killers.
And he had the key to all their dealings,
things that could put them away for life.
And now he's in
witness protection for life.
Okay, all right. That's enough. Come on.
The judge asked him why he was coming
forward with all this information.
He said it was because he thought
it was the right thing to do.
What's the right thing to do now, Michael?
I don't know.
But if I don't give him up,
this whole thing's over.
What you're telling me is if I'm to live...
A good man has to die.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Kellerman.
VICE PRESIDENT: You're in the place
we discussed?
Yes.
I'm still not exactly sure
why we're here, but...
A friend of mine
should be along there shortly.
- A friend?
- Just to see where you are with things.
I think we're clear
on where we are with things.
Everything is under control.
Nothing is going to affect tomorrow
if that's what you're worried about.
I'm not worried about tomorrow.
My friend is a problem solver, that's all.
He's there at your disposal
if you need him.
Do me a favor.
Make him feel like part of the team, huh?
Talk soon.
HALE: What?
KELLERMAN: She's bringing someone in.
- What does that mean?
- Something in her tone changed.
Do you think she knows about the kid?
We don't know that.
We shouldn't have lied.
We shouldn't have told her we had the kid.
What is it you don't understand?
We tell her that kid got away,
you and I, we are not here right now.
(SIGHING) I swear to God,
it just gets deeper and deeper.
- What is that supposed to mean?
- It means, if I'd have known
that this is how this whole thing
was gonna turn out
I'd have gotten some crap job
with the Feds. Pushed pencils.
Drink coffee all day long behind a desk.
God, that sounds good.
Keep talking like that, I'm gonna be forced
to put a bullet in your head.
(SIGHS)
As for her friend, whoever that is,
we find out what he wants,
we play nice, we deal with it accordingly.
Michael, you better see this.
Hey, Jersey, you putting that carpet
in the guards' room?
Yeah, I think so.
- When?
- We got to tear up the old stuff first.
Soon as we're done with that.
Tonight, tomorrow maybe.
They're gonna find it, bro.
They're gonna find the hole.
We got to do something.
Linc. Chow.
LINCOLN: What's this?
It's for, you know, your last meal.
Write down what you want.
Linc, you got to write something down.
I got to do nothing.
You don't fill it out
all they're gonna give you
is what's on chow for that day.
So?
You don't want that for your last meal,
do you, man?
In case you think of something.
(INMATES CHATTERING)
Hey, eye-tie.
Something you need there, rughead?
Yeah. A job, man.
Why don't you hit the DQ
down the street? We aren't hiring.
I'll put $100 in your kick every month.
You want to pay me to work?
Man, I've been in the kitchen
for eight months.
I scrub one more tray, I'm gonna go J-cat,
you know what I'm saying?
- Hey, Fiorello. How about it?
- Yeah.
$150.
Sign me up then, baby.
I was thinking about what you said.
That it's not a me versus you thing.
It's an us thing.
That's right.
- How far you willing to go with that?
- As far as I have to.
Then set up a meeting with Falzone.
I want to talk to him directly.
(SCOFFS)
Falzone doesn't talk
to guys like you directly.
If he wants Fibonacci, he's gonna have to.
ABRUZZI: No, no.
No, you heard me right.
FALZONE: You're telling me this kid
is gonna give up Fibonacci? You're sure?
I'm definite. Only one thing,
he wants to meet with you directly.
Son of a bitch, son of a bitch.
You actually did something right, John.
That's good.
Guess I'll have to call off those guys
I hired to shank you.
- That was a joke, John.
- Funny.
Good. I'll come out there this afternoon.
And, John, if I come all the way out there
and this turns out to be
a waste of my time,
I'm gonna castrate you.
I hope you understand that.
Be well, my friend.
I love you, too.
He's coming.
Don't mess this up.
(PHONE RINGING)
Hello.
- It's me.
-/ know.
I saw "inmate" on the caller ID.
Remember when I said
I might be calling you on Fibonacci?
Yes.
Well, it's time.
You seem distracted.
- I've got a lot on my mind, I guess.
- Yeah?
Have anything to do with the people
who took these toes?
- Nice flowers.
- Right.
- Do we have an admirer?
- They're from my father.
- What's the occasion?
- It's my birthday.
- Today?
- Mmm-hmm.
- Happy birthday.
- Thank you.
(CHUCKLES) Okay.
What?
Nothing.
Birthdays aren't usually a sore subject,
that's all.
Unless the celebrant is feeling her age,
which I don't see how you could be.
I'm 29 years old, Michael.
I'm not feeling my age.
It's just that out of those 29 birthdays,
my father's actually managed to see me
on precisely six of them.
So, I get flowers instead.
Flowers that end up dead
and in the trash a week later.
That sounded bitter, huh?
Kind of.
It's not a big deal. You are all set.
I will see you tomorrow.
Okay.
I'm sorry you feel that way.
About the flowers, I mean.
(DOOR CLOSES)
(PLAN KS CLATTERING)
Hey, somebody get on this.
I want these in the other room.
I got it, boss.
Hey, Chill, IilyWhite, I got it.
Come on.
I know you're around here somewhere.
(WOOD CREAKING)
NICK: He's not doing well, is he?
VERONICA: He just lost his mother.
Ten days from now he loses his father.
NICK: How you holding up?
You know, I...
I sort of get
what you're going through here, LJ.
No disrespect,
but I don't know that you do.
No, with my dad.
I was in the same spot
when I was your age.
He was in prison.
And like your dad, he was innocent.
What happened?
I mean, you know, at the end.
What I hope happens here.
He got exonerated.
- What'd they say he did?
- A lot of bad things.
They weren't true and we proved that.
Every day, every day was a lost cause,
but we kept fighting.
I mean, what else you gonna do
when you love somebody?
You gonna let them go out like that?
So you fight.
You keep fighting. You never give up.
We're gonna beat this thing, okay?
- Hello.
You were expecting me?
Mutual friend arranged...
Yes.
- You mind if I...
- Please.
(CHUCKUNG)
Hey. How are...
(WHISTLES)
KELLERMAN: I'm sorry
I didn't get your name.
Quinn.
Mr. Quinn, mind telling us
what we're doing here?
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY) Well, you can
probably tell just by looking at me
I'm not a wave-making sort.
Just think of me as a supervisor
who's here to make sure
things are under control as we approach,
you know, the big event.
I wasn't aware that things
are out of control.
Well, you would be the one
that would know, wouldn't you?
(BOTH CHUCKLING)
Well, the reason I'm here
is because there's a discrepancy
between what you know and
what you have said to the Vice President.
The lawyers you tried to blow up,
they're still running around
healthy as thoroughbreds.
You know it, I know it.
Same thing goes with the kid.
(CHUCKLES) You know,
who you were silly enough
to tell the old lady
that you were actually in possession of.
Now everything that I'm saying
is boiling down to this.
You got to hand the reins over to me now
so that I can save your ass.
First of all...
(YELLING)
No, no!
See, now you made me make a wave.
(GROANING)
You and your partner are off the job
until further notice.
It doesn't come from me.
It doesn't come from the White House.
It comes from the Company.
You understand?
Look, your proximal and middle phalanx
are broken.
Just ice it for 45 minutes then splint it.
That's what a doctor would tell you to do.
So you don't need to go see one.
Ecofield's SEC filings.
Terrence Steadman was murdered
so the information from his indictment
-wouldn't be made public, right?
- Sure.
But since it never saw the light of day,
we have no way of knowing
what they were trying to cover up.
Steadman's wife said there were
hundreds of millions of dollars at stake
if her husband went down.
So I figure we follow the money
and see where it takes us.
$109 million. $212 million.
Over half a billion dollars that I've found
so far in federal grants to Ecofield
for alternative fuel research.
- That is a hell of a lot of money.
- But for what?
Not only did the company
never make a profit,
as far as I could tell,
they never made anything.
Look. No fuel cells, no patents,
no findings. Nothing.
- So Ecofield was a sham, it was a cover.
- Question is, for what?
Philly.
Sit down, kid.
So.
Fibonacci.
- How'd you find him?
- Did my homework.
You get elliptical with me
for one more second,
and I will cancel you.
- You understand me?
- Give it up, Fish.
Before someone's transferred
to the US Marshals Service
and placed in witness protection,
they're guarded by a local sheriff
from the county
where the trial will take place.
SCOFIELD: Sheriff Solomon, please.
OPERATOR: Please hold.
Andrew Solomon here.
SCOFIELD: If the sheriff was available,
then he wasn't the one guarding Fibonacci.
RECEPTIONIST: Putnam County
Sheriff's Office.
Yeah, is Sheriff Pronzo there?
I'm sorry, Sheriff Pronzo's on vacation.
- Really?
- Yes, sir.
There were only four sheriffs
in the county.
And since Pronzo was the only one
who wasn't in his office,
and his wife and kids
were waiting for him at home,
I knew the only vacation he was taking
was with Fibonacci.
Watching him
until they could put him in protection.
Thing is, sometimes it takes weeks
for the Marshals Service
to set up a new identity.
So some local sheriff is stuck
in the middle of nowhere with Fibonacci.
He gets lonely and calls home. A lot.
I called the phone company.
Said I was Pronzo, and I'd lost my bill.
I asked for another copy.
It seems Mrs. Pronzo was receiving
dozens of calls from an area code
a long way from Chicago.
I went online,
reverse-traced the number, and voilé.
There was Fibonacci's exact location.
- How do you know he's still there?
- I have someone looking after him.
Watching from afar, in case he moves.
This is about money, isn't it?
- You're an astute man, Mr. Falzone.
- What?
Your friend here, John,
is trying to extort me.
Not extortion. Insurance.
I plan on being out of here one day.
And I don't think my new résumé
is going to cut it in most places.
- How much?
-$200,000.
- I'm gonna kill you.
- Quid pro quo.
You scratch my back, I scratch yours.
Well, I'll give you some quid pro quo.
Where did you get this?
Who took this picture?
Well, since you took it upon yourself
to have some people watching
over our interests on the outside,
we took it upon ourselves
to have some people watching over yours.
So who's it gonna be?
Fibonacci or your pretty
little girlfriend there?
Yeah, you should be careful
with who visits you in here, Fish.
These walls have eyes.
If you touch her, I'll kill you myself.
One: That is an empty threat.
You are less than a gnat to me.
And two: All you gotta do
is give me the address,
and we avoid
all this melodrama altogether.
The address, you gnat.
Now.
Promise me...
Promise me it'll be quick and painless.
- Do you believe this guy?
- Promise me.
If the next thing
that comes out of your mouth
is not that address,
there's gonna be a lot of pain
in a lot of places.
Canada.
345 Hamilton Avenue,
Thunder Bay, Ontario.
Get out of here.
Nice work, John.
I guess the demise of John Abruzzi
was greatly exaggerated.
Thank you. I appreciate it.
Could you do me a favor
and fix this Bellick thing for me?
Yeah, consider it done.
Thank you. And Philly,
before you pull the trigger,
look the son of a bitch in his eyes
and tell him John Abruzzi said goodbye.
VICE PRESIDENT: "In the race toward
worldwide peace and prosperity,
"America will set the pace."
"Race?" Rat race, arms race.
Can you think of a word
with a worse connotation? Fix it.
You send me a babysitter?
- This is not the time or the place.
- This is the time and the place.
Don't take that tone with me.
Remember who you are talking to.
I am the Vice President of this country.
No, actually, you're Caroline Reynolds
from Montgomery, Illinois.
I know exactly who you are.
Come with me.
There is something
you need to understand.
If you had done your job,
I never would have had to ask for Quinn.
And there's something
you need to understand.
You woke a sleeping beast
when you called these guys in.
They have a bigger agenda than any of us
and they get real nasty real quick
if things don't go their way.
So now, no one is safe.
Not you. Not me.
Let's not overreact.
I mean, I know everyone is nervous
about tomorrow.
I understand that.
But the one thing
both of us have to remember
is that we are in this together, okay?
All I'm saying is,
these guys are into this thing now,
and there's no going back.
That's bad news for everyone.
Sebastian Balfour?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm Nestor Pollock,
Midwestern Life and Casualty.
I'm already covered. Thanks.
Oh, no, I'm here
to discuss Veronica Donovan.
- What about her?
- Well, we've been trying to track her down
with respect to the property damage
from the apartment explosion.
- Explosion?
- You didn't know? Oh, I'm sorry.
It's just that her records,
they list you as her fiancé,
-so I assumed...
- Hold on.
- Is Veronica okay?
- Well, there has been a fatality.
Oh, my God.
No, but the medical examiners
haven't been able to identify
the remains with any certainty.
So Veronica could be okay.
We just can't find her.
We were hoping you could help.
Rozz.
Reese.
Burrows.
Blueberry pancakes, huh?
All right, man. You got it.
Blueberry pancakes.
FALZONEI "341 ."
"345."
This is it.
All right. That's it, kids. Time for bed.
Give me a kiss.
You okay down there, boy? Night-night.
All right, sweetheart, give me a kiss.
- Kids are down.
- Thanks.
Tonight we send a message, gentlemen.
We are gonna hurt him and his family
the way he hurt ours.
WOMAN: Oh, honey.
FIBONACCI: Yeah?
Can you change the timer on the sprinkler
while you're out there?
Okay.
- Love you.
- Love you, too.
(POLICE SIREN SOUNDING)
OFFICER 1: Freeze!
OFFICER 2: Drop your weapons!
OFFICER 3: Freeze!
Put it down!
Down! Down!
- Drop your weapons.
- I said drop it!
- Down!
- Son of a bitch.
Come on.
Hi, it's John. You wanted to talk to me?
MAGGIO: Yeah. You hear the news?
Falzone got popped last night
up in Canada.
International gun charges,
parole violation.
He's in deep.
- You threw away your flowers.
- Yeah, like I said, they don't last.
I don't think they're dead yet.
I don't like getting attached to things
if I know they won't last.
Here you go.
Why are you so cynical?
Michael, I think there's cynicism
and then there's realism.
And there's optimism. Hope. Faith.
This coming from an eight-toed guy
locked away in a penitentiary.
Toes are overrated.
Thank you for trying to make me smile.
Not today.
- You never know.
- We're all set.
You and I have a lot to talk about,
don't we, Fish?
Seems Philly Falzone
ran into some problem up in Canada
just because of the information
you gave him.
What kind of trouble?
International gun charges,
parole violation.
He's going to go away for a long time.
How do you feel about that?
Pretty darn good.
- And what about Pl?
- We got that back, too.
Falzone paid Bellick yesterday.
So we're good, for now.
- It all worked out.
- It sure did.
- Nicely done. You're a hell of an actor.
- Thank you.
Well, this helped. It's nice. Nice shot.
Where'd you take it?
It's Lincoln's, from back in the day.
Camping trip or something.
- So when do we get back in that room?
- Right away.
- Well, let's get to it.
- Yeah.
Oh, there's one more thing.
You are gonna give me Fibonacci
once we're outside these walls, right?
Of course.
Thank you.
But I think I'll keep this as insurance.
LINCOLN: More juice?
Why can't we have breakfast every day?
You should have breakfast every day, LJ.
It's an important meal.
No, why can't I have breakfast
with you every day?
Nothing would make me happier.
But your mommy and me,
we don't live together anymore.
Why?
Well, sometimes that happens
with mommies and daddies.
But you know what?
You're the luckiest boy in the world,
'cause your mommy loves you very much
and I love you very much.
I'll tell you what.
How about every Sunday
we have our own special breakfast,
just you and me?
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Little bit, or a handful?
- Handful.
A handful.
Here we go.
Take a walk.
Anyone else want to walk with him?
Yeah.
This is my game.
Looks like our friend got his throne back.
SCOFIELDI Looks like it.
Something tells me
we may have you to thank for that.
- You don't want to know.
- You got that right.
Stretch your legs, old head.
Now, we got a hell of a lot to talk about,
don't we?
I got nothing to say.
Now, you think you can play me,
snowflake, 'cause you got college?
Big school learning, huh?
Well, let me school you.
Darwin wins inside these walls.
Not Einstein. Darwin.
Yard time's over, ladies.
Let's line it up.
I'm not done with you, Fish.
You never even got started.
All right.
We're through the hard part.
Another 18 inches, we'll hit that pipe.
- We'll be there by Friday.
- Friday?
Better start making travel arrangements.
SUCRE: Maricruz, here I come, baby.
ABRUZZI: Sardinia, here I come.
- Where are we going?
- Panama.
- Panama?
Darién Gap, south of the Canal.
No roads, no electricity, no cops.
Nothing but white sand beaches
and ice cold beer.
Well, that's nice, but what about our lives?
Well, we'll open a scuba shop.
- Hey, I don't dive.
- Neither do I.
We'll have plenty of time to learn.
Bulls.
This con says he's on the job in here.
No, I don't think so.
- You heard the paisan. Move your ass.
- CO, hold on. One second.
Now, you're sure about that?
Are you sure you can't use an extra hand?
You know anything about construction?
Concrete is my specialty. Can you dig it?
- Okay, boss. Sign him up.
- You got it.
It looks like Darwin wins after all,
eh, Fish?
We have a lot of dots
but no way to connect them.
Nobody's getting rich here.
What about shareholders?
Profits were minimal, they were all
converted back to shares.
Looks like they subcontracted out
some research and development,
but it's pennies
in the grand scheme of things.
Nobody was pulling early retirement.
Yeah, but you can't hide $500 million
just by moving a few decimal points.
REPORTER". In a move anticipated
by many pundits,
Vice President Reynolds announced
she is running for the Presidency.
She made the announcement from
her hometown of Montgomery, Illinois.
The move toward worldwide peace
and prosperity is a marathon,
not a sprint.
But I assure you
America will be setting the pace.
A half a billion dollars
just doesn't disappear.
You could run a small country with that.
The Vice President is reported to have
the largest campaign war chest in history.
It is so large, in fact, that prognosticators
are already casting her as the favorite
in the Presidential race.
Maybe not a small country.
Maybe this one.